[Music]
when Israel was a child
loved him and out of Egypt I called my
son as they called them so they went
from they sacrificed to the bales and
burned incense to carved images I taught
a friend to walk taking them by their
arms but they did not know that I healed
them I drew them with gentle chords with
bands of love and I was to them as those
who take the yoke from their neck i
stooped and fed them he shall not return
to the land of Egypt but the Assyrians
shall be his king because they refused
to repent and the sword shall slash in
his cities devour his districts and
consume them because of their own
counsels
my people are bent on backsliding from
me though they call to the Most High
none at all exalt him how can I give you
up
Ephraim how can I hand you over Israel
how can I make you like Adam how can I
set you like ciborium my heart churns
with envy
my sympathy is stirred I will not
execute the fierceness of my anger I
will not again destroy ephraim for I am
God and not man the Holy One in your
midst and I will not come with terror
they shall walk after the Lord he will
roar like a lion when he roars and his
son shall come trembling from the West
they shall come trembling like a bird
from Egypt like a dove from the land of
Assyria and I will let them dwell in
their houses Ephraim has encircled me
with lies and the house of Israel with
deceit but Judah still walks with God
even with the holy one who is faithful